h1. Setting up Tufts Election development environment:

# Copy the *.sample files in config/ to the appropriate .yml filenames.
# Copy config/initializers/secret_token.rb.sample to config/initializers/secret_token.rb, generate a new secret token using 'rake secret', and paste the new token into the secret_token.rb.
# Initialize hydra-jetty for development environments
  <pre>rake jetty:clean</pre>
# Start Jetty:
  <pre>rake jetty:start</pre>
# Import candidates - parameter is the directory containing all the candidate authority files.
  <pre>./script/import_candidates spec/fixtures/candidates/</pre>
# Import election result records from spec/fixtures/election_records
  <pre>rake index</pre>
# Migrate your database:
  <pre>rake db:migrate</pre>
# Start rails:
  <pre>rails s</pre>

h3. Running the specs
# Make sure jetty is running
# <pre> RAILS_ENV=test rake index </pre>
# <pre> bundle exec rake spec </pre>

h3. Importing authorities

There is an initializer script that will load the candidate names authorities every time the server is restarted.  The initializer downloads the names authority into a temp file, and then reads the temp file to index the data in solr.  This takes a long time to run, so it is disabled in development mode.  If the script detects that the data has already been downloaded, it will skip the indexing.

If you want to force it to re-load the candidate names, you can remove the temp file that the data is downloaded to:
<pre> rm tmp/candidates.xml </pre>

There are similar initializer scripts for the offices, parties, and states authority files.

*Note:*  If you see office IDs appear in the facet list instead of the office names, that means that the office authorities aren't loaded.  This might happen frequently in development mode if you are editing files, because Rails might re-load the Office class without re-running the initializer scripts, which will clear out the in-memory cache.

The names will re-appear if you restart your Rails server.  Or, if you need to temporarily disable the class re-loading, you can set config.cache_classes in your config/environments/development.rb.

h1. Setting up Tufts Election search:
# solrize objects
  <pre>INDEX_LIST=pids.csv RAILS_ENV=production rake solrizer:fedora:solrize_objects</pre>

What should be in the pids.csv?

Tufts' production fedora environment contains other objects besides what should be displayed in the New Nation Votes site.  The pids.csv should contain a list of all the PIDs that you want to index in solr for this front end.  For a development environment, it's probably just a list of all the pids in your fedora.

